allocpages                    domcontrol                    help                          net-dumpxml                   pool-build                    setmaxmem
attach-device                 domdirtyrate-calc             hostname                      net-edit                      pool-capabilities             setmem
attach-disk                   domdisplay                    hypervisor-cpu-baseline       net-event                     pool-create                   setvcpu
attach-interface              domfsfreeze                   hypervisor-cpu-compare        net-info                      pool-create-as                setvcpus
autostart                     domfsinfo                     iface-begin                   net-list                      pool-define                   shutdown
backup-begin                  domfsthaw                     iface-bridge                  net-name                      pool-define-as                snapshot-create
backup-dumpxml                domfstrim                     iface-commit                  net-port-create               pool-delete                   snapshot-create-as
blkdeviotune                  domhostname                   iface-define                  net-port-delete               pool-destroy                  snapshot-current
blkiotune                     domid                         iface-destroy                 net-port-dumpxml              pool-dumpxml                  snapshot-delete
blockcommit                   domif-getlink                 iface-dumpxml                 net-port-list                 pool-edit                     snapshot-dumpxml
blockcopy                     domif-setlink                 iface-edit                    net-start                     pool-event                    snapshot-edit
blockjob                      domifaddr                     iface-list                    net-undefine                  pool-info                     snapshot-info
blockpull                     domiflist                     iface-mac                     net-update                    pool-list                     snapshot-list
blockresize                   domifstat                     iface-name                    net-uuid                      pool-name                     snapshot-parent
capabilities                  domiftune                     iface-rollback                node-memory-tune              pool-refresh                  snapshot-revert
cd                            dominfo                       iface-start                   nodecpumap                    pool-start                    start
change-media                  domjobabort                   iface-unbridge                nodecpustats                  pool-undefine                 suspend
checkpoint-create             domjobinfo                    iface-undefine                nodedev-autostart             pool-uuid                     sysinfo
checkpoint-create-as          domlaunchsecinfo              inject-nmi                    nodedev-create                pwd                           ttyconsole
checkpoint-delete             dommemstat                    iothreadadd                   nodedev-define                qemu-agent-command            undefine
checkpoint-dumpxml            domname                       iothreaddel                   nodedev-destroy               qemu-attach                   update-device
checkpoint-edit               dompmsuspend                  iothreadinfo                  nodedev-detach                qemu-monitor-command          update-memory-device
checkpoint-info               dompmwakeup                   iothreadpin                   nodedev-dumpxml               qemu-monitor-event            uri
checkpoint-list               domrename                     iothreadset                   nodedev-event                 quit                          vcpucount
checkpoint-parent             domsetlaunchsecstate          list                          nodedev-info                  reboot                        vcpuinfo
connect                       domstate                      lxc-enter-namespace           nodedev-list                  reset                         vcpupin
console                       domstats                      managedsave                   nodedev-reattach              restore                       version
cpu-baseline                  domtime                       managedsave-define            nodedev-reset                 resume                        vncdisplay
cpu-compare                   domuuid                       managedsave-dumpxml           nodedev-start                 save                          vol-clone
cpu-models                    domxml-from-native            managedsave-edit              nodedev-undefine              save-image-define             vol-create
cpu-stats                     domxml-to-native              managedsave-remove            nodeinfo                      save-image-dumpxml            vol-create-as
create                        dump                          maxvcpus                      nodememstats                  save-image-edit               vol-create-from
define                        dumpxml                       memtune                       nodesevinfo                   schedinfo                     vol-delete
desc                          echo                          metadata                      nodesuspend                   screenshot                    vol-download
destroy                       edit                          migrate                       numatune                      secret-define                 vol-dumpxml
detach-device                 emulatorpin                   migrate-compcache             nwfilter-binding-create       secret-dumpxml                vol-info
detach-device-alias           event                         migrate-getmaxdowntime        nwfilter-binding-delete       secret-event                  vol-key
detach-disk                   exit                          migrate-getspeed              nwfilter-binding-dumpxml      secret-get-value              vol-list
detach-interface              find-storage-pool-sources     migrate-postcopy              nwfilter-binding-list         secret-list                   vol-name
dom-fd-associate              find-storage-pool-sources-as  migrate-setmaxdowntime        nwfilter-define               secret-set-value              vol-path
domblkerror                   freecell                      migrate-setspeed              nwfilter-dumpxml              secret-undefine               vol-pool
domblkinfo                    freepages                     net-autostart                 nwfilter-edit                 send-key                      vol-resize
domblklist                    get-user-sshkeys              net-create                    nwfilter-list                 send-process-signal           vol-upload
domblkstat                    guest-agent-timeout           net-define                    nwfilter-undefine             set-lifecycle-action          vol-wipe
domblkthreshold               guestinfo                     net-destroy                   perf                          set-user-password
domcapabilities               guestvcpus                    net-dhcp-leases               pool-autostart                set-user-sshkeys
